Hey, good morning family.
Thank you for joining me today.
Well, praise the Lord.
You know, I've been getting all your letters.
I got these pictures from a 15-year-old girl praying for her brother to come home to Jesus.
He's been wayward and he's not home.
When I'm getting these letters, there are so many of them now that it's overwhelming.
It's all the response to the pictures.
I have so many pictures of people that are believing God for their unsaved loved ones and for their marriages—like this lady right here is praying for her marriage and for her hair to stop falling out because of the stress from the marriage stuff.
I've got so many people.
I thought, 'Man, if I could just train you all, if I could just impart to every single one of you how I've learned how to stand on the Word and get the Word down inside of me, so that you can do the same.
' The Lord is no respecter of persons; it's about how big, how bad is your 'want-to.
' As I'm agreeing with you and standing with you, the way you'll maintain it and keep it is by getting the Word down inside of your heart.
I've seen people get many miracles.
They get delivered from demonic spirits for a little season, but the Bible says the enemy comes back with seven more of his friends, worse than what he was, if they don't get the Word—if they find the house is empty.
No matter how many times I pray for every single one of you and intercede, the buck stops with you ultimately.
You will have to learn how to stand by faith and believe for your own stuff.
The Bible says that you should know the truth and the truth will set you free.
Now, I'm going to be your 'two' and I'm going to agree with you, but you have to get a foundation of the Word that is thick like concrete—so strong that when you build your house on it, you're not on the sinking sand or the quicksand.
You're on the solid Rock, and the Rock is the Word.
You're going to hide that Word down in your heart.
If you abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
Period.
So we're going to get the Word down inside our hearts.
We're going to get the Word for every single person—all these prayer requests, all these people with wayward children, people saying they're battling with sexual perversions and homosexuality and wanting to be free from all these things.
The Word has to be a priority, and there are no shortcuts.
Regardless of what you're going through, there's nothing too big and there's nothing too small; the Word of God will change it all.
Do you understand?
The Word has to be the foundation in your life.
You say, 'I don't understand the Word, I don't like reading the Word.
' Find a version of the Bible that ministers to you.
Don't be religious; just get into the Word.
Regardless of whatever it is, say, 'Hey, this speaks to me.
' Find that and meditate on it continually, because you'll know the truth and the truth will set you free.
No matter how many people say, 'I've got this going on over here, my daughter likes to play the Ouija board, she has tarot cards tattooed on her legs,' the devil's been defeated.
The Lord is not going to do anything else about the devil; He defeated him.
He triumphed over him, above all principalities and powers of might.
He defeated the devil once and for all, and he's not going to go back and crucify himself again to deal with the devil again.
Why?
Because he's been defeated.
He was victorious in every area: death, hell, and the grave.
He triumphed over poverty, lack, sickness, and disease.
Everything.
He won once and for all; it's already done.
So your devil problem is you not standing on the authority of the believer and telling the devil he has no right or place in your house.
Take your authority.
Take communion—grape juice or whatever you have—daily.
Take the anointing oil and anoint your house.
I got this oil from some sister in the Lord and it smells like frankincense.
You can get it on Amazon and anoint your house.
Go around and anoint your kids with oil.
I put a bloodline on my kids; I anoint my windows just like the children of Israel did when the death angel passed.
They put the lamb's blood upon the door, and the death angel was not allowed to come in and kill, steal, or destroy.
You apply the blood over your house by olive oil or whatever you have and pray, 'Father, this represents your blood, and I apply this blood over the doorpost of my house, my bed, my husband, and my wife.
' We're going to stand on the Word and not allow the devil to come in like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
That means he can't devour everybody.
The ones he can't devour are the ones that have the blood applied upon them.
He cannot devour a blood-washed, born-again Christian.
I believe with all my heart there's power and authority in the name of Jesus and the blood of Jesus.
So you must understand your covenant and plead the blood over your unsaved loved ones.
Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever, so this is what I'm going to tell you to do: say, according to Ephesians, 'May the eyes of their understanding be enlightened, Holy Spirit, and flood their eyes with light that they would know the hope of their calling.
' Saul had a Damascus road experience with the Lord that shook him from the inside out.
He was blinded for those three days and he was healed, and the Lord set him on the course because God had a plan for his life.
No matter how much evil he did, God showed up and showed off in his life.
I believe that there's no one too far gone for Jesus to save.
They may be the biggest murderer or the biggest idolater, but God can take them out of that pit of despair and turn their life around within just a second.
Once you're gone and you're dead, it's over—TKO.
But no matter how far you think your unsaved loved ones are, it only takes one second.
I've seen the worst of the worst sinners when I worked for Victory Church in Oklahoma City.
I saw people that you would think have no hope turn around within just a couple of days.
I remember one guy who had planned out his suicide—had the weapon and everything hidden—and was coming to church for the last time before he did himself in.
The power of God hit him in the middle of the church service and he gave his heart to Jesus Christ that day.
He told his wife, 'I was ready to do myself in,' but he got radically born again and started serving at the church.
My point is that there's an expiration date, but there is a way to believe for every single one of these.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, the only way they know is by you teaching them, because you're not getting a lot of it from your churches.
' A lot of pastors are teaching a lukewarm word—a 30-minute sermonette.
You may get a worship service with jammed-out music, fog machines, and lights, but you walk away still empty, wondering, 'What about my issues?
What about my wayward child?
What about the diagnosis from the doctor?
' I'm telling you how you're going to do it when the rubber meets the road: you stand.
Stand therefore!
When you get the Word down in your heart, it becomes a weapon, and you speak that Word out of your mouth because life and death are in the power of your tongue.
What you are saying every time you come up against your circumstances is what you're going to be facing tomorrow.
Your words either make you or break you.
Seriously.
You go around saying, 'My marriage is terrible,' and you're living exactly what you said.
But you start saying, 'I'm not moved by what I see or feel.
I'm moved by what the Word says.
' Think on things that are lovely and of a good report.
As the mind goes, the man follows.
You're snared by the words of your mouth; that's what the Bible says.
So we've got to change the way we think, because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
Your mountain has to hear your voice!
You have to say it over and over again.
It's the consistency—like a hammer hitting a rock.
How long have you been speaking to your circumstances saying, 'We're never going to get out of this'?
'Grandma was poor, we were poor.
' That's what you're living.
But Christ redeemed you from the curse of the law.
Galatians says Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law, and generational curses are a curse.
I'm not under the curse, and a curse without a cause cannot stand.
I anoint myself with oil and I believe in my covenant.
I say, 'God, you're going to get me out of this because you've already paid the price for it.
' Father, you said by your stripes I am healed, regardless of what my flesh says.
I'm redeemed from the curse of the law; I'm not going to have heart disease or diabetes because I set the standard.
The Word says that I'm free, and whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that you should try to defy the armies of the living God?
I will go and slay this giant and cut his head off!
My God is bigger than cancer, a bad marriage, or a wayward child.
He's able to do exceedingly, abundantly above all that I dare ask or think.
Today is your day.
You have to believe with your heart and confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord.
That's how you got saved, and it's the same way I believe for everything else.
Today I'm free.
I will not have night terrors or PTSD, because he was wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes we are healed.
God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power, of love, and of a sound mind.
I refuse not to have a balanced mind because he's already given me peace.
It's a free gift; I receive it.
Jesus paid the price for me to walk in victory in every area of my life.
Every believer has been given a measure of faith.
I am not favored any more than you are; I've just been more obedient and decided to ground my feet and say, 'I'm not moved.
' How bad do you want your circumstances to change?
There's no shortcuts.
You can go to the gym and look amazing, or you can eat and be heavy like me—I'm just being real with y'all.
I work my spirit out all the time in the spiritual gym.
Diana said, 'Brandon, there's a difference between people who are desperate for change versus people who just want it handed to them.
' There's no welfare system in the spirit realm.
Welfare is good for a season if you need it, but you can't live there.
There are seasons of grace where God will spoon-feed you as a baby, but when you become a spiritual adult, it's like that eagle that kicks her eaglets out of the nest.
It's time for you to flap your wings and fly, or you're going to die.
No more of this pacifier Christianity stuff.
We've got to put on our armor.
Either you put on the armor or he's going to devour you.
He'll keep poking you until you say enough's enough.
I heard about a bully in school writing down the names of people he thought he could whip.
This is the devil.
A kid saw his name on that list and said, 'You can't whip me!
Take my name off that list.
Greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world.
' Guess what?
That bully erased the name.
That's what you've got to do.
You're not doing this alone.
Christ in you is the hope of glory.
That's why we take communion, because we have a covenant.
I choose to believe in the power and authority of the blood of Jesus over my kids.
Make much of the blood, and the blood will make much of you.
So we lift up this body and we believe that he became sickness for us; this is the meal that heals.
Father, I believe you're the Healer.
I thank you that my sins are washed in your blood.
No generational curse is bigger than the blood of Jesus, no matter how big it is in your mind.
Find scriptures that pertain to what you're believing God for.
If you can't sleep, the Bible says he gives his beloved sweet, restful sleep.
The Word will work if you work it.
Father, right now in the name of Jesus, I believe for every single photo.
This South Korean family is believing for their family members; we're believing that false religion is broken off of these families.
I agree with them right now that they are delivered from satanic bondage.
We believe marriages are strong and her hair stops falling out.
I call her brother home in Jesus' name.
I call all the cancer patients and this young man bound by homosexuality free in the name of Jesus.
Visit them in the midnight hour.
No one's too far gone.
Receive your miracle in Jesus' name.
We pray for Nicole and her husband.
We thank you for better jobs for Tommy and favor with the court systems.
For those who have lost their children to the DHS system, let them get right and be good parents.
They just made some bad choices, but they changed their reprobate minds by the Word of God.
It's the only thing that will ever set you completely free.
You'll never stay free without the Word because the devil comes immediately to challenge it.
He knows your weak spots.
You've got to speak it out your mouth: 'Get out of here in Jesus' name!
' Submit yourself unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
Jesus was tempted on everything, but he resisted steadfast.
I'm not going down that road again.
I'm not looking at filth on the internet; I made a covenant with my eyes.
I refuse to submit to the devil.
Enough is enough.
We don't hate people; we love them and tell them the truth.
Many are one breath away from eternity.
The spirit realm is more real than your skin, but many play with fire—adultery and all these things.
Father, I thank you for revival.
We walk in victory, going from glory to glory.
I refuse to keep being the same; I want to come up higher with the fire.
Those who seek me will find me.
I want that burning bush experience!
Father, we receive our freedom today.
Thank you, Lord, that Megan is healed and we're walking in health.
We have the mind of Christ.
Better days are ahead of us.
My marriage is strong and blessed; we'll never taste divorce or adultery.
You've got to believe it and speak to your mountain.
Father, I thank you.
I bind the spirit of strife in the name of Jesus and I command you to cease and desist.
Go in the bathroom or the laundry room and say, 'I bind the spirit of lust and pornography out of my house.
I bind anger and abuse.
' You take authority over that devil.
I bind that spirit of rebellion in my kids.
Check what your kids are listening to and watching.
Garbage in, garbage out.
We will not have a spirit of rebellion in my house.
Spare the rod, spoil the child.
God corrects those he loves.
I've even gotten spankings from the Holy Ghost before.
There seems to be a topic inside of my spirit.
Say it; say it again.
God corrects those he loves because he has an amazing plan for your life.
I want to live on the victory side.
Faith comes by hearing the Word of God.
We bless every person here in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Well, I want to see you victorious.
If you liked this video, please like and subscribe; it helps us in the algorithm.
I want you to stay free.
The Word works if you work it.
Get your spirit man fat and fluffy on the Word of God.
Put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.